README.md, before:

## Hi! I'm Mateus Garcia Santos.

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&duration=3000&pause=1000&width=480&lines=Howdy!+I'm+Mateus+Garcia+Santos+%F0%9F%91%8B;I+want+to+become+a+Back-End+Developer+%F0%9F%92%80%F0%9F%A6%86;)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

- 🌱 I'm a Science Computer to be, currently in the 7th semestre.
- 💙 I've been interested in: Become a Back-end Developer!
-  🎯 Nowadays I'm studying: NodeJs, ReactJs, TypeScript, Javascript, MySQL e Jest.
- 🧱 Current Project: [rentx the car rental API in nodeJs](https://github.com/mateussk83/rentx)               

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/mateussk83 ">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mateussk83&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mateussk83&layout=compact&langs_count=16&theme=tokyonight"/>
</div>

  <p align="center">
    <br>
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/arduino/arduino-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  </p>

##

<p align="center">
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/mateussk83/mateussk83"><img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23100000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mateus-garcia-aa37551a8/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="mailto:mateussk83@gmail.com" target""><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"></a>
</p>

  <!--![Snake animation](https://github.com/ThiagodePaulaSouza/ThiagodePaulaSouza/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg) -->

Commit message:

insert ignite shop as current project and nextjs as I'm studying

README.md, after:

## Hi! I'm Mateus Garcia Santos.

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&duration=3000&pause=1000&width=480&lines=Howdy!+I'm+Mateus+Garcia+Santos+%F0%9F%91%8B;I+want+to+become+a+Back-End+Developer+%F0%9F%92%80%F0%9F%A6%86;)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

- 🌱 I'm a Science Computer to be, currently in the 7th semestre.
- 💙 I've been interested in: Become a Back-end Developer!
-  🎯 Nowadays I'm studying: NodeJs, ReactJs, TypeScript, Javascript, MySQL,NextJs e Jest.
- 🧱 Current Project: [rentx the car rental API in nodeJs](https://github.com/mateussk83/rentx) and [Ignite Shop the E-Commerce in NextJs](https://github.com/mateussk83/rentx)

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/mateussk83 ">
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mateussk83&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
  <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mateussk83&layout=compact&langs_count=16&theme=tokyonight"/>
</div>

  <p align="center">
    <br>
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      <img height="40" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/arduino/arduino-original.svg">
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  </p>

##

<p align="center">
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/mateussk83/mateussk83"><img  src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23100000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/mateus-garcia-aa37551a8/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="mailto:mateussk83@gmail.com" target""><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"></a>
</p>

  <!--![Snake animation](https://github.com/ThiagodePaulaSouza/ThiagodePaulaSouza/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg) -->
